hi my name is Bill Sebastian and I
believe that Barack Obama offers hope to
our nation at a time when we needed
gravely at a time when party lines are
drawn hard across religious racial and
class divides Barack is proving daily he
has the power to unite he offers
solutions and hope for people of any
race any faith and any income level I
hope that you'll take the time to learn
about Barack and that you'll go to the
polls and vote for him we have some very
important primaries coming up in Texas
Ohio that's funny he he heard Texas
that's that's my cat Simon he's he's
from Texas and he's the best cat in the
world aren't you Simon what's that oh
you're gonna vote for Barack too well
there's no surprise there no not because
you're a black cat but because you're my
cat and you have good taste in
politicians look all I'm saying all I'm
I'll let me finish all I'm saying is
that you're a conscientious feline who
cares more about the future of our
country than the continuation of special
interest politics in Washington and you
appreciate the fact that Barack funded
his entire campaign from individual
donors instead of corporate money among
many other issues i'm sure you care a
lot about like a nocturnal gallivanting
and napping Barack is very strong on
those issues that's not what I'm trying
to say at all all I'm saying is you do
nap a lot all the time dude you're Simon
you're doing it right now Simon hey
Simon come on dude snap into high gear
you got to do that if you're gonna
motivate people to get out there go to
the polls and vote for Barack so come on
all right there you have it folks bill
Sebastian and Simon the cat and we're
voting for Barack Obama well I vote Ted
already in California primaries they
yeah they happen though
ready Simon sorry you missed it but you
know we never changed your tags so
technically you still live in Texas we
can ship you back and you can vote of
course I can't really do that because
that would be cheating because Simon is
a cat we are dude we've been over this
and over this you're not human you are
not human no you're not no you're not no
you can't look you're confusing animal
suffering and animal suffrage those are
different causes all right look I'll
tell you what we'll do on march forth
we'll set up a little voting booth
thrown here in the living room I'll wear
my cowboy hat you'll think it's text is
you know you can catch your vote for
Barack Obama so uh sabrok that's that's
one vote yeah counting whoa not that I'm
telling you who to vote for you can vote
for whoever you want as long as it's
Barack better be damn right I will
anyway folks i hope this has been
informative and entertaining and i hope
that you will go to the polls on march
forth and again in november and make a
conscientious choice to vote for the
right candidate I think it's Barack
Obama hey we cool
you